****************LEGAL NOTICE OF INETVOD, INC. EXLUSIVE OWNERSHIP****************

The source files contained herein, together with any file supplements and
documentation, in any format used (collectively, the "Source Code"), are the
sole and exclusive property of iNetVOD, Inc., ("iNetVOD").  iNetVOD reserves all
rights, title and interest in and to the Source Code.  The Source Code contains
confidential information and trade secrets that are legally privileged and
intended solely for use by iNetVOD or its duly authorized representatives.
Access to and use of the Source Code by outside contractors, licensees or any
other third parties (together "Users") pursuant to and expressly authorized
under a separate agreement is not a grant of title, license or any rights of
ownership to the Source Code.  iNetVOD shall remain the sole and exclusive owner
of any changes, modifications, enhancements and derivative works to the Source
Code.

Users shall not duplicate, modify (including creating derivative works),
reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, distribute, transfer (by any means),
display, license, or rent the Source Code for any purpose and shall not remove,
overprint or deface any legal notices or other notices of intellectual property
ownership from any originals or copies of the Source Code.

The confidential information and trade secrets contained in the Source Code
provide iNetVOD with a substantial competitive advantage.  The disclosure of
this information to any other company or individual, either intentionally or
negligently, would irreparably harm the legitimate business and commercial
interests of iNetVOD.  iNetVOD reserves all right to pursue any legal or
equitable remedies against any potential or actual infringers of iNetVOD's
intellectual property ownership interests in and to the Source Code or any other
intellectual property rights to the full extent permitted by law.

The Source Code is copyrighted material.
Copyright © 2004-2006 iNetVOD, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
********************************************************************************
